### chifidocs alpha 0.0.3
Welcome to the latest and greatest version of `ChifiDocs`, which includes a number of enormous upgrades over `0.0.2`. First and foremost, features like **search** have been refined into an acceptable final version. New packages have also been added, including `ChiDB`, `ToolipsORM`, and `ToolipsCrawl`. With this, documentation for existing packages has also seen some updates. This version also includes large updates to replacements, and the finalization of certain pages -- such as ecosystem descriptions. I am happy with where this website is at right now, though the project still sits at `0.0.3` and still needs a bit more work. We sit on the verge of some pretty big changes, not just to `ChifiDocs` but to the chifi web as a whole. Very soon, we will begin the execution of some rather large deployment plans.
###### coming soon ...
At the current moment, `ChifiDocs` sits on an isolated island -- this is the first open-source `chifi` to reach production and become a publicly available website. Thanks to the completion of most supporting work, more websites will be coming very soon. As it stands, our largest *work-in progress* web-based project is `OliveCreator`. `OliveCreator` is a vision for a deployed `Olive` notebook that helped to spawn the very project itself. To support this, `chifi` will also be launching its first database and account system via `ChifiLaboratory`. `ChifiLaboratory` will act as a **universal** login client for *all* chifi services **and** other open-source services that may want to use the account. Eventually, these may also be linked with Github accounts to make things a bit easier. This is all coming in the near future; `ChifiLaboratory` and `OliveCreator` will likely both come to fruition by **September** of this year (*2025*). We look forward to bringing this project -- the biggest one yet! Thank you for sticking being there in all the time it took to finally get our flagship website off the ground!
