## welcome to write ups!
- from [emmac](https://github.com/emmaccode)
*This* is a *write up*; an explanation of a feature or trajectory in **excrutiating** detail. In this case, we will be talking about `write ups` itself. Unlike nearly all other pages on `ChifiDocs`, `write ups` include *no interpolation*. The goal of these *write ups* is to summarize broader Chifi goals and development without including too much code.

This feature is released as part of `ChifiDocs` `0.0.2` and will be featured as part of the `links` section on the homepage. More write ups will eventually come, explaining the future of some `chifi` packages and the broader plan for implementing **the chifi web**.

Just this week, (The week of May 25, 2025,) I have gotten an incredible amount done. `OliveDocBrowser` and `ParametricScheduler` are both in the process of registration. I have a new and improved `Toolips` `0.4` alongside `Session`, and eventually multi-threaded `Olive` coming out of the door soon, as well. In addition, I have also made a lot of progress on this package, [Documator](/chifi/Documator), [ChiProxy](/chifi/ChiProxy). In the pipeline after this comes `AlgebraFrames` along with its companion package `AlgebraStreams`. These are the short term plans for the ecosystem, and moving into releasing the `AlgebraFrames` ecosystem will mark an enormous step towards the end result.
# new pages!
[ChifiDocs](/) has gotten a *massive* update, including the addition of several new pages. First and foremost, the page you are currently reading is the new **write ups** page. This page will remain somewhat minimal, but will also still be updated in the future. There is also the official implementation of the [contact](/contact) page, which will now automatically Email `chifi` *and* if and when you provide a return e-mail. In *true chifi fashion*, fields like `email` are entirely optional.

There are also new `example` pages, which are similar to `reference` pages. The only `example` page present at launch will be a demo page under [ParametricScheduler](/parametric/ParametricScheduler). The linked `ParametricScheduler` page will include `examples` in the left menu. This will bring you to the, rather barebones (for now,) [examples page](http://127.0.0.1:8001/examples/parametric/ParametricScheduler) -- which will soon exist for more modules.

The last page we will talk about in this write up is [toolips app](/toolips/app). `ToolipsApp` has a long and storied history, being the app that was created alongside `Toolips` `0.1`, `0.2` and `ToolipsSession`. The project had a pretty massive impact on `Toolips`, and went through three major redesigns. You can still check out the archived repository [here](https://github.com/ChifiSource/ToolipsApp.jl). `ToolipsApp` is a gallery of `Toolips` demonstrations, including the simple *and* the complicated. I eventually plan to add `ToolipsSession` RPC games, sample websites, interactive web-apps, and more to this app.
###### closing
`ChifiDocs` is shaping up to be a lot more than a documentation site, and as intended. It is very satisfying to finally have a home on the internet for all things `chifi`! Thank you for reading this overview, I hope you enjoy all of the things I have in store -- both now and in the future!